[Music]
the Great Pyramid mystery has been
finally solved
the Great Pyramid of Giza one of the
seven wonders of the ancient world is
visited by millions of tourists every
year if you have been to Egypt you
probably also have a fun picture of you
pointing at the top of the pyramids or
holding the Sphinx in your hand you only
have to travel 50 miles from the center
of modern Cairo to find yourself
thousands of years back in time in your
imagination even though the pyramids
help a lot to make it seem real many
scientists archeologists and history
fans would give anything to travel in
time to answer one question it has been
the topic of debate and research for
centuries how was the Great Pyramid
built or aliens involved in the process
good news is you don't have to wait for
time-travel to be invented to find out
the answer the mystery has finally been
solved bright side is going to tell you
who made the Pyramid of Giza as great as
we know it and how they managed to do it
give this video a like if you've always
wanted to know this secret from the past
your history teacher back at school must
have told you the prevailing theory of
how the Great Pyramid was built hundreds
of ancient Egyptians carried huge blocks
of limestone and granite to Giza
they built construction which was great
indeed the Pyramid of Khufu remained the
tallest structure on earth made by
humans for over 3,800 years it was
composed of 2.3 million stone blocks put
together so precisely that a human hair
could not pass through the adjoining
blocks impressive huh
more than that the Great Pyramid was
originally covered with highly polished
limestone which reflected the sunlight
and made it shine like a star
the light was so strong it could be seen
from the moon
sadly the casing stones are no longer
there because of an earthquake which
happened in the 14th century we can only
imagine how beautiful it must have been
the pyramid was also unique because it
had inner passages going both up and
down unlike the other pyramids what else
makes it stand out it is the only eight
sided pyramid in Egypt it aligned with
the stars in Orion's belt and pointed to
the pole star alpha Draconis finally it
is the most accurately aligned
construction ever created facing true
north it is exactly at the center of the
landmass of our planet the parallels and
meridians which cross the most land only
meet in two places on earth one of them
is in the deep blue ocean the other one
is where the Great Pyramid is what a
great place to build something
monumental isn't it all this proves how
skilled the people must have been to be
able to build it some scientists who
lived centuries after them and some
people today still refuse to believe the
ancient civilizations were that smart
and talented so the Great Pyramid has
given birth to many theories how and for
what was it constructed you definitely
heard some people believe it was done
with the help of aliens after all many
great constructions on earth like
stonehedge tod hua Khan and Easter
islands figures apparently looked too
good or too genius for their time so
someone just decided they must have come
from a different planet but there are
more bizarre theories which have to do
with the Great Pyramid people in
medieval Europe believed the pyramids
were built to store grain according to
them they were josephs greeneries
described in the Old Testament
in 1859 a British publisher John Taylor
concluded that the pyramid was in fact
not built by aliens or the Egyptians but
by Noah himself yes the new who also
built the ark Taylor has done some major
calculations and even come up with a
special measurement term the pyramid
inch which according to him was nearly
identical to the British inch an
astronomer from Scotland named Charles P
at C Smith was so inspired by Taylor's
writings he did decide to do his own
research the results were published in
1864 as a book of six hundred and
sixty-four pages imagine the amount of
time that research has taken him the
result was pretty interesting Smith
stated that the pyramid if you measured
it in pyramid inches could be read as a
history book of both the past and the
future of the earth the Grand Gallery
for example which was the sloping
passage marked the birth and 33 inches
later the crucifixion of Jesus the
gallery ended at a point somewhere
between 1881 and 1911 pyramid inches
Smith believed it to mean the years of
Great Tribulation before the second
coming of Christ
some scientists denied the holy origins
of the pyramid altogether in 1884 a
paper was presented at a conference in
Philadelphia
it said the pyramids were originally
Hills those hills were used as quarries
to get enough stone for edifices as time
passed the hills were cut into pyramids
probably one of the most interesting
theories of the pyramids construction
involved levitation not the Wingardium
Leviosa one used by Harry Potter and
others in the magical world but a
different kind of levitation the one
that has to do with the power of the
human mind and sound vibration acoustic
levitation helped stone blocks defy
gravity and move over the ground
believed the supporters of this theory
[Music]
aliens Noah levitation what really
helped to build the Great Pyramid we are
about to find out click thumbs up if you
can't wait to get the answer we have it
[Music]
it remained a mystery for centuries but
now it has been solved new proof has
been found to tell us how the Egyptians
were able to transport 2.5 ton blocks of
limestone and granite for 500 miles to
build the tomb of pharaoh Khufu in 2600
BC Pharaoh ins did not spare money for
the construction of the pyramids they
hired the best architects and engineers
of the time to be in charge of the
construction of course they did not do
the hard stone carrying work themselves
and gave this task to an army of slaves
they had a hundred and seventy thousand
tons of limestone to transport to the
construction spot how did they do it a
45 year-old scroll of paper is found in
wadi al-jarf a red sea port has shed
light on the mystery it turned out to be
the diary of mirror' an overseer of a
team of elite workers written in the
27th year of Pharaoh and Khufu's reign
the diary which was more of a logbook
described the construction process of
the Great Pyramid
with all the details we did not know
before according to this precious
archaeological material labourers
transported limestone from Torah to Giza
in wooden boats in hieroglyphic letters
mara described the daily lives of
workers in the course of several months
as they were busy with transportation
first they had to transform the
landscape to divert water from the Nile
and direct it to the Pyramid through
artificial canals
then they started transportation of
limestone logs from
Torah downstream to the construction
spot the journey took around three days
now the question is where did that
clever system of waterworks go it could
not have disappeared with no trace at
all that is right
archeologists say they found evidence of
it beneath the Giza Plateau
where the central canal was flowing
seven boat pits have also been located
around Khufu's pyramid - to the west and
the east of it - between the queens
pyramids and the remaining one beside
the mortuary temple more than that
archaeologists managed to find
ceremonial boats they give a good
explanation of the ship's construction
process now the secret of the Great
Pyramid is no longer a mystery to you
you see it took no aliens but hard work
limestone and wooden boats to create one
of the wonders of the ancient world give
this video a thumbs up if you liked it
and make sure to subscribe to our
channel not to miss any updates more
amazing stories are on their way to you
join us on the bright side